The following test cases should be checked before the website goes live.

Home page:
1. The colour combination is not matching the theme of the website.'Start shopping' CTA colour does not fit to the theme.
2. The welcome message highlights the word 'good' in green colour which does not seem to add much difference.
3. A CTA for registration for new users looks ideal on the home page. Makes the website user friendly.

Shop page: 
1. Category list is missing. Products should be displayed according to the category. Makes it easy while adding new prodcuts and looks systematic.
2. Provision to click the item to know further details. 
3. Details like manufacturer, products used to prepare the item, reviews by previous customers, etc.

Contact page: 
1. The feedback message,'We welcome your feedback- tell it how it is' is not appropriate. 'We welcome your feedback' is short and simple. 
2. First name and last name can be replaced with forename and surname.
3. Telephone should have 2 actions. One to select the country code to allow international users to conatct us.
   And second to provide the contact number.

Login:
1. The login CTA needs a lot of changes. Provision to register for new usersis missing.
2. A reset icon to empty the username and password section can be added.
3. Forgot password link to reset the password if the user has forgotten the credentials.

Cart page:
1. The quantity should not accept negative integers. 
2. If quantity is changed to 0 then the subtotal should change the values and not take previous given values.
3. If quantity is given as 4 then the actions should allow user to remove one item rather than the complete number of items.
4. Check out: The address section can be expanded by adding street number, city , country and post code.
5. Telephone should have 2 actions. One to select the country code and second to provide the contact number.
6. Other service providers are missing in card type. Debit card, paypal, etc. And card verification value number is missing.
7. After clicking submit the message has spelling error.(number and not nuumber)
8. An email to confirm the order and order number must be sent out to the users email id.
9. 'Shopping again' to be replaced with shop again.
